(PC-19275) docs(e2e): Update doc (#4153)
pass-culture/pass-culture-app-native: doc/development/e2e.md

APPIUM_APP=./PassCulture.zip yarn e2e:ios.app
```

> > It is not possible to test the iOS application using the development environment

Author: A garder pour iOS

> If the application is already installed, you can test it without building the application, for instance, for testing app you will do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the application is already installed, you can inspect it (with Appium Inspector) without building the application, for instance, for testing app you will do:
```

> Since you cannot erase application cache on iOS, re-running test will fail due to FirstLaunch requirements.

APPIUM_APP=./PassCulture.zip yarn e2e:ios.app
```

> It is not possible to test the iOS application using the development environment (because you cannot erase application cache on iOS, re-running test will fail due to FirstLaunch requirements).

If the application is already installed, you can inspect it (with Appium Inspector) without building the application. For instance, for testing app you will do:

```bash

> APPIUM_APP="app.passculture.test" yarn e2e:ios.app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// or for testing: app.passculture.test
APPIUM_APP="app.passculture.staging" yarn e2e:ios.app
```

Reviewer: On privilégie les exemples sur staging en e2e (la ou est faites la QA principalement)

We could have used `flags.isWeb` to decide which one to use, but this is exactly what does `$$$` 
and this allow to write less verbose selector for our cross platforms cases.

### ~ Selector

The selector used to access component is the `accessibility id` :
- For Android: the `accessibility id` corresponds to the `accessibilityLabel`.
- For iOS: the `accessibility id` corresponds to the `testID`.

The following component have been refactored to easily set a cross-platform selector :
- `AppButton`, `ButtonInsideText`, `ButtonWithLinearGradient`: The `accessibility id` is the `wording` (or the `accessibilityLabel` if given). The `testID` is automatically set for this value.
- `TouchableOpacity`, `Touchable`, `InternalTouchableLink`, `ExternalTouchableLink`: The `accessibility id` is the `accessibilityLabel` (or the `accessibilityLabel` if given). The `testID` is automatically set for this value.

> 

Reviewer: Rajouter un lien avec l'article de ton analyse react native, en mentionnant ce que tu dis a l'oral, ainsi que la versin de react-native, react-native-web et iOS/Android plateforme version
